Create a labelled gauge to report connected peers. (#4564)
PegaSysEng/artemis: CHANGELOG.md

- Updated to Javalin 4 for the rest api.
- Added relevant epoch to attestation and sync committee performance log message.
- Removed ignore rule for aggregate attestation gossip where the attestation root has previously been seen.

> - add metrics to report client type - `libp2p_connected_peers_current`, with client tag `Teku`, `Lighthouse`, `Prysm`, `Nimbus`, `Unknown`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added metrics to report client type of connected peers - `libp2p_connected_peers_current`, with client tag `Teku`, `Lighthouse`, `Prysm`, `Nimbus`, `Unknown`.
```
